minecraft:ocean
minecraft:plains
minecraft:desert
minecraft:extreme_hills
minecraft:forest
minecraft:taiga
minecraft:swampland
minecraft:river
minecraft:hell
minecraft:sky
minecraft:frozen_ocean
minecraft:frozen_river
minecraft:ice_flats
minecraft:ice_mountains
minecraft:mushroom_island
minecraft:mushroom_island_shore
minecraft:beaches
minecraft:desert_hills
minecraft:forest_hills
minecraft:taiga_hills
minecraft:smaller_extreme_hills
minecraft:jungle
minecraft:jungle_hills
minecraft:jungle_edge
minecraft:deep_ocean
minecraft:stone_beach
minecraft:cold_beach
minecraft:birch_forest
minecraft:birch_forest_hills
minecraft:roofed_forest
minecraft:taiga_cold
minecraft:taiga_cold_hills
minecraft:redwood_taiga
minecraft:redwood_taiga_hills
minecraft:extreme_hills_with_trees
minecraft:savanna
minecraft:savanna_rock
minecraft:mesa
minecraft:mesa_rock
minecraft:mesa_clear_rock
minecraft:void
minecraft:mutated_plains
minecraft:mutated_desert
minecraft:mutated_extreme_hills
minecraft:mutated_forest
minecraft:mutated_taiga
minecraft:mutated_swampland
minecraft:mutated_ice_flats
minecraft:mutated_jungle
minecraft:mutated_jungle_edge
minecraft:mutated_birch_forest
minecraft:mutated_birch_forest_hills
minecraft:mutated_roofed_forest
minecraft:mutated_taiga_cold
minecraft:mutated_redwood_taiga
minecraft:mutated_redwood_taiga_hills
minecraft:mutated_extreme_hills_with_trees
minecraft:mutated_savanna
minecraft:mutated_savanna_rock
minecraft:mutated_mesa
minecraft:mutated_mesa_rock
minecraft:mutated_mesa_clear_rock
pvj:prairie
pvj:redwoods
pvj:redwood_peaks
pvj:willow_swamp
pvj:boreal_forest
pvj:snowy_boreal_forest
pvj:aspen_grove
pvj:overgrown_spires
pvj:blossoming_fields
valoegheses_be:low spruce woodlands
valoegheses_be:low woodlands
valoegheses_be:high woodlands
valoegheses_be:woodlands hills
valoegheses_be:high inhabited woodlands
valoegheses_be:low tall woodlands
valoegheses_be:northern snow alps
valoegheses_be:northern alps
valoegheses_be:northern snow subalpine alps
valoegheses_be:northern subalpine alps
valoegheses_be:southern alps
valoegheses_be:southern alps subalpine
valoegheses_be:extreme southern alps
valoegheses_be:wasteland flats
valoegheses_be:wasteland flats trees
valoegheses_be:wasteland flats oasis
valoegheses_be:wasteland flats slopes
valoegheses_be:orchid fields
valoegheses_be:australian outback
valoegheses_be:lowlands
valoegheses_be:lowlands chapparal
valoegheses_be:moorlands
valoegheses_be:highlands
valoegheses_be:bluff
valoegheses_be:mire
valoegheses_be:white woods
valoegheses_be:white oaks
valoegheses_be:white woods hills
valoegheses_be:white oaks hills
valoegheses_be:snow rocks
valoegheses_be:snow rocks mountains
valoegheses_be:snow rocks plateau
valoegheses_be:sand dunes
valoegheses_be:red sand dunes
valoegheses_be:sand dunes m
valoegheses_be:sand dunes oasis
valoegheses_be:grassy fen
valoegheses_be:grassy marshland
valoegheses_be:archipelago
valoegheses_be:ghost forest
valoegheses_be:barelands
valoegheses_be:forested canyon pillars
valoegheses_be:forested canyon plateau
valoegheses_be:forested canyon plateau m
valoegheses_be:bush
valoegheses_be:bushland hills
valoegheses_be:brushlands
valoegheses_be:dense brushlands
valoegheses_be:hot brushlands
valoegheses_be:brushlands hills
valoegheses_be:stony reef
valoegheses_be:tropical jungle
mocreatures:wyvernbiome
evilcraft:biome_degraded
netherex:ruthless_sands
netherex:fungi_forest
netherex:torrid_wasteland
netherex:arctic_abyss
